Docs updates for v2.0.0 (#241)
fugue/regula: docs/src/usage.md

regula init --input-type tf --input-type cfn
```

When using Regula with [Fugue](https://www.fugue.co), set the environment ID for Fugue to scan:

```
regula init --environment-id a29aec17-ab48-42dc-ade5-c0ba8b650c4c
```

Sync the built-in and custom rules from your [Fugue](https://www.fugue.co) tenant when running Regula locally:

```
regula init --environment-id a29aec17-ab48-42dc-ade5-c0ba8b650c4c --sync
```

!!! note

>     If you're using `--sync` in your configuration file, note that the `--sync` flag takes precedence over options that modify the rule set (`--exclude`, `--include`, `--only`, `--no-built-ins`). Those options will be ignored. To use those options with `regula run`, set `--sync=false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using `--sync` in your configuration file, note that the `--sync` flag takes precedence over options that modify the rule set (`--exclude`, `--include`, `--only`, `--no-built-ins`). Those options will be ignored. To override the `--sync` in your configuration file, include `--sync=false` in your `regula run` command:
```

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore or reword if that just makes it more confusing.

Author: Great suggestion, thanks!
